Update how to structure ballerina code (#1294)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-www: website/two-column-pages/docs/learn/how-to-structure-ballerina-code.md

# This generates 'sample.balx'
```

> You can use the ballerina `run` command to run the `main()` function or services of a Ballerina file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `ballerina run` command to run the `main()` function or services of a Ballerina file.
```

> You can use the `ballerina run` command to run the `main()` function or services of a Ballerina file.

Reviewer 2: On second thoughts, let's keep it as is.

```

## Modules

> A *module* is a directory that contains Ballerina source code files and is part of a namespace. Modules facilitate collaboration, sharing, and reuse. Modules can include functions, connectors, constants, annotations, services, and objects. To share a module among programs, projects and users you need to push the module into a repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A *module* is a directory that contains Ballerina source code files and is part of a namespace. Modules facilitate collaboration, sharing, and reuse. Modules can include functions, connectors, constants, annotations, services, and objects. To share a module among programs, projects, and users you need to push the module into a repository.
```

import [<org-name>]/<module-name> [as <identifier>];
```

> When you import a module, you can use its functions, annotations and other objects in your code. You can also reference the objects with a qualified identifier, followed by a colon `:`. For example, `<identifier>:<module-object>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you import a module, you can use its functions, annotations, and other objects in your code. You can also reference the objects with a qualified identifier, followed by a colon `:`. For example, `<identifier>:<module-object>`.
```

ballerina init [-i]
```

> The init command will initialize a simple project with a module inside of it. If the folder where this command is run has Ballerina source files or subfolders, those will be placed into the new project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `init` command initializes a simple project with a module inside of it. If the folder where this command is run has Ballerina source files or subfolders, those will be placed into the new project.
```

ballerina pull <org-name>/<module-name>[:<version>]
```

> If a version of the module to be pulled is not provided, it will pull the latest version of the module from the remote repository. Projects that perform dependency analysis will automatically pull modules into the home repository.

Reviewer 2: How about something like
```suggestion
If a version is not specified for the module to be pulled, the latest version of the module will be pulled from the remote repository. Projects that perform dependency analysis will automatically pull modules into the home repository.
```
instead of saying it will pull?
